adding chain architecture overview (#447)
ethereum-optimism/docs: pages/builders/chain-operators/architecture.mdx

---
title: Chain Architecture
lang: en-US
description: Learn about the OP chain architecture.
---

import Image from 'next/image'

# Chain Architecture

> This page contains information about the components of a the roll protocol and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains information about the components of the rollup protocol and
```
